All of these examples just serve to make the book more enjoyable to the reader, something very helpful for someone like me, who basically only reads non-fiction. If you haven’t read the book, I would suggest doing so. It’s roots in pop culture are enough to read it to understand the memes, but even without that, it’s still just an enjoyable read. You really miss out on a lot if you don’t.  
  
You might be wondering about the pop culture thing. Well, have you ever wondered why 42 is a prevalent number? Part of that is because the number was said to be the answer to life, the universe, and everything. Why is “Don’t Panic” common? It’s said to be the cover of The Guide. Many parts of pop culture are influenced by literature, and that includes The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy.  
  
Thank you for reading this book. It took me a while to make this, and the website took a lot of debugging. Considering the fact that this is a school project, I feel like I tried my best. If you wish to support me, submit bug reports with new information/ideas. I’d like to end off with the entry for towels in The Guide. I think that the towel isn’t just a good thing to carry, but can also be a metaphor for getting life together.  
  
>A towel is about the most massively useful thing an interstellar hitchhiker can have. Partly it has great practical value - you can wrap it around you for warmth as you bound across the cold moons of Jaglan Beta; you can lie on it on the brilliant marble-sanded beaches of Santraginus V, inhaling the heady sea vapours; you can sleep under it beneath the stars which shine so redly on the desert world of Kakrafoon; use it to sail a mini raft down the slow heavy river Moth; wet it for use in hand-to- hand-combat; wrap it round your head to ward off noxious fumes or to avoid the gaze of the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal (a mindboggingly stupid animal, it assumes that if you can't see it, it can't see you - daft as a bush, but very ravenous); you can wave your towel in emergencies as a distress signal, and of course dry yourself off with it if it still seems to be clean enough.  
>  
>More importantly, a towel has immense psychological value. For some reason, if a strag (strag: non-hitch hiker) discovers that a hitch hiker has his towel with him, he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a toothbrush, face flannel, soap, tin of biscuits, flask, compass, map, ball of string, gnat spray, wet weather gear, space suit etc., etc. Furthermore, the strag will then happily lend the hitch hiker any of these or a dozen other items that the hitch hiker might accidentally have "lost". What the strag will think is that any man who can hitch the length and breadth of the galaxy, rough it, slum it, struggle against terrible odds, win through, and still knows where his towel is is clearly a man to be reckoned with.
